README.md, before:

<!--- University of Miami Herbert Business School Banner --->
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://mbaveterans.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/MIAMI-BUSINESS-logo.png" alt="University of Miami Herbert Business School" width="700"/>
</p>

<h1 align="center">Nikhil Sunder</h1>
<h3 align="center">Quantitative Economics & Finance | University of Miami Herbert Business School</h3>

<!-- Typing animation -->
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=Fira+Code&pause=1200&center=true&vCenter=true&width=780&lines=Quantitative+Economics+%26+Finance;Reinforcement+Learning+in+Monetary+Policy;SVAR+and+Financial+Econometrics;Open-Source+Developer" alt="Typing Intro"/>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/nikhilxsunder"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/status-updating-brightgreen.svg"></a>
  <img src="https://visitor-badge.laobi.icu/badge?page_id=nikhilxsunder.nikhilxsunder" alt="visitors"/> 
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/nikhil-sunder"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=flat&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white"></a>
  <a href="mailto:nsunder724@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=flat&logo=gmail&logoColor=white"></a>
  <a href="https://pypi.org/user/nikhil.sunder"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PyPI-3776AB?style=flat&logo=pypi&logoColor=white"></a>
  <a href="https://orcid.org/0009-0007-3323-1760">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/ORCID-A6CE39?style=flat&logo=orcid&logoColor=white" alt="ORCID">
  </a>
</p>

---

### About Me
- B.S.B.A. in **Quantitative Economics & Finance**, **Mathematics Minor**  
- Open-source developer — creator of **[`fedfred`](https://github.com/nikhilxsunder/fedfred)** and **[`edgar-sec`](https://github.com/nikhilxsunder/edgar-sec)**  
- Research: **Reinforcement Learning in Monetary Policy**, **SVAR modeling**, **Econometrics**, **Neural Networks** 
- Interests: Econometrics • Neural Networks • Machine Learning • Python ecosystem design • Quantitative Research & Development
- Goal: Build scalable, open-source infrastructure for computational economics

---

### Research
- **Autonomous monetary policy via RL** — replication and extensions of the Bundesbank RL paper (policy rules, non-linear environments, stability tests).  
  - Code: [`Autonomous_Fed`](https://github.com/nikhilxsunder/Autonomous_Fed)  
  - Data tooling: [`fedfred`](https://github.com/nikhilxsunder/fedfred)
- **Neural-network macro models** — construction of linear and non-linear NARX environments for policy simulation.
  - PyTorch components including Nguyen–Widrow initialization, a Torch-native Levenberg–Marquardt optimizer, and Single Hidden Layer Feed Forward Neural Network.
- **SEC EDGAR pipelines** — clean, typed client for EDGAR submissions and filings with sync/async APIs.  
  - Package: [`edgar-sec`](https://github.com/nikhilxsunder/edgar-sec) • PyPI & conda-forge  
- **Time-series infrastructure** — standardized IO, transforms (log/YoY/pc1), and model-ready frames/series.

---

### Tech Stack
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.13-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-013243?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Polars-4083F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=rust&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-EE4C2C?style=for-the-badge&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift-FA7343?style=for-the-badge&logo=swift&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/.NET-512BD4?style=for-the-badge&logo=dotnet&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Xcode-1575F9?style=for-the-badge&logo=xcode&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/VS%20Code-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Anaconda-44A833?style=for-the-badge&logo=anaconda&logoColor=white"/>
</p>

---

### Featured Projects
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/nikhilxsunder/fedfred">
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=nikhilxsunder&repo=fedfred&theme=tokyonight" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/nikhilxsunder/edgar-sec">
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=nikhilxsunder&repo=edgar-sec&theme=tokyonight" />
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/erskordi/Autonomous_Fed">
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=erskordi&repo=Autonomous_Fed&theme=tokyonight" />
  </a>
</p>

---

### GitHub Stats
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=nikhilxsunder&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&rank_icon=github" alt="GitHub Stats" height="170"/>
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=nikhilxsunder&layout=donut&theme=tokyonight" alt="Top Languages" height="170"/>
</p>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://git.io/streak-stats">
    <img src="./assets/streak.svg" alt="GitHub Streak"/>
  </a>
</p>

---

### Metrics Dashboard
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nikhilxsunder/nikhilxsunder/main/github-metrics.svg" alt="GitHub Metrics"/>
</p>

---

### Trophies & Contributions
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=nikhilxsunder&theme=tokyonight&margin-w=10&margin-h=10&no-frame=true" alt="Trophies"/>
</p>
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nikhilxsunder/nikhilxsunder/output/github-contribution-grid-snake-dark.svg" alt="Snake Animation"/>
</p>

Commit message:

Add research fellow information to About Me section
Added a new line about being a University of Miami ICSRI Research Fellow.

README.md, after:

<!--- University of Miami Herbert Business School Banner --->
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://mbaveterans.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/MIAMI-BUSINESS-logo.png" alt="University of Miami Herbert Business School" width="700"/>
</p>

<h1 align="center">Nikhil Sunder</h1>
<h3 align="center">Quantitative Economics & Finance | University of Miami Herbert Business School</h3>

<!-- Typing animation -->
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=Fira+Code&pause=1200&center=true&vCenter=true&width=780&lines=Quantitative+Economics+%26+Finance;Reinforcement+Learning+in+Monetary+Policy;SVAR+and+Financial+Econometrics;Open-Source+Developer" alt="Typing Intro"/>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/nikhilxsunder"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/status-updating-brightgreen.svg"></a>
  <img src="https://visitor-badge.laobi.icu/badge?page_id=nikhilxsunder.nikhilxsunder" alt="visitors"/> 
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/nikhil-sunder"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=flat&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white"></a>
  <a href="mailto:nsunder724@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=flat&logo=gmail&logoColor=white"></a>
  <a href="https://pypi.org/user/nikhil.sunder"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PyPI-3776AB?style=flat&logo=pypi&logoColor=white"></a>
  <a href="https://orcid.org/0009-0007-3323-1760">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/ORCID-A6CE39?style=flat&logo=orcid&logoColor=white" alt="ORCID">
  </a>
</p>

---

### About Me
- B.S.B.A. in **Quantitative Economics & Finance**, **Mathematics Minor**
- University of Miami ICSRI Research Fellow.
- Open-source developer — creator of **[`fedfred`](https://github.com/nikhilxsunder/fedfred)** and **[`edgar-sec`](https://github.com/nikhilxsunder/edgar-sec)**  
- Research: **Reinforcement Learning in Monetary Policy**, **SVAR modeling**, **Econometrics**, **Neural Networks** 
- Interests: Econometrics • Neural Networks • Machine Learning • Python ecosystem design • Quantitative Research & Development
- Goal: Build scalable, open-source infrastructure for computational economics

---

### Research
- **Autonomous monetary policy via RL** — replication and extensions of the Bundesbank RL paper (policy rules, non-linear environments, stability tests).  
  - Code: [`Autonomous_Fed`](https://github.com/nikhilxsunder/Autonomous_Fed)  
  - Data tooling: [`fedfred`](https://github.com/nikhilxsunder/fedfred)
- **Neural-network macro models** — construction of linear and non-linear NARX environments for policy simulation.
  - PyTorch components including Nguyen–Widrow initialization, a Torch-native Levenberg–Marquardt optimizer, and Single Hidden Layer Feed Forward Neural Network.
- **SEC EDGAR pipelines** — clean, typed client for EDGAR submissions and filings with sync/async APIs.  
  - Package: [`edgar-sec`](https://github.com/nikhilxsunder/edgar-sec) • PyPI & conda-forge  
- **Time-series infrastructure** — standardized IO, transforms (log/YoY/pc1), and model-ready frames/series.

---

### Tech Stack
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.13-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-013243?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Polars-4083F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=rust&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-EE4C2C?style=for-the-badge&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift-FA7343?style=for-the-badge&logo=swift&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/.NET-512BD4?style=for-the-badge&logo=dotnet&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Xcode-1575F9?style=for-the-badge&logo=xcode&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/VS%20Code-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Anaconda-44A833?style=for-the-badge&logo=anaconda&logoColor=white"/>
</p>

---

### Featured Projects
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/nikhilxsunder/fedfred">
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=nikhilxsunder&repo=fedfred&theme=tokyonight" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/nikhilxsunder/edgar-sec">
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=nikhilxsunder&repo=edgar-sec&theme=tokyonight" />
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/erskordi/Autonomous_Fed">
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=erskordi&repo=Autonomous_Fed&theme=tokyonight" />
  </a>
</p>

---

### GitHub Stats
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=nikhilxsunder&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&rank_icon=github" alt="GitHub Stats" height="170"/>
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=nikhilxsunder&layout=donut&theme=tokyonight" alt="Top Languages" height="170"/>
</p>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://git.io/streak-stats">
    <img src="./assets/streak.svg" alt="GitHub Streak"/>
  </a>
</p>

---

### Metrics Dashboard
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nikhilxsunder/nikhilxsunder/main/github-metrics.svg" alt="GitHub Metrics"/>
</p>

---

### Trophies & Contributions
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=nikhilxsunder&theme=tokyonight&margin-w=10&margin-h=10&no-frame=true" alt="Trophies"/>
</p>
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nikhilxsunder/nikhilxsunder/output/github-contribution-grid-snake-dark.svg" alt="Snake Animation"/>
</p>
